Just sit here
No matter how long the Xu family's hand is, it can't reach here
Thank you, Miss Huang.
Sorry to bother you this time
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Don't worry about the bone marrow transplant
Let's make preparations
While searching for that person
Also continue to search for new vice
So many people at random
You can always find the right one
Hey godu
Haven't you found anyone yet?
Walk very clean
It's like the whole family has disappeared
What about sister-in-law's situation?
Not so good.
doctor
I want to ask.
My wife is prone to sleepiness these days.
What's with some sleepiness?
A bone marrow transplant is required as soon as possible
Otherwise, I'm afraid it won't last long.
President Wang
Win win win